I was going to inform you
None of your business.
No blame
So
I did this with my mom's permission in October, right?
It means madam
Looks like I need to go back again
Oh, right.
Lu Qixiu, this person has been tighter recently.
He must have done something else
Hey, young master, when are you going to tell me?
Miss Shu, what is your true identity?
I feel like people are a little skeptical
I was going to say it in the car
But now
Let's wait until the right opportunity comes.
It's okay, you can go back first. Okay
How is your mother?
He has fallen asleep
I was scared at first.
Thank you for showing up in time to save me today
However, will this affect your work?
After all, Liuqi Xiu seems to be quite strong
It's okay, you just think your wife is incapable of me
Fu Siye
You asked me earlier if I was hiding something from you
I can tell you right now.